1. Java executes a set of repeated statements as long as a specified condition remains true.

2. 
The while loop loops through a block of code as long as a specified condition is true.
And the The do/while loop is a variant of the while loop. 
This loop will execute the code block once, before checking if the condition is true, then it will repeat the loop as long as the condition is true.

3.
The AccountSetup.java Program.

4.
A loop that has no end to it and will continue to run without stop.

EXAMPLE
[
if (stringINT < 8) 
            {
            	System.out.println("Password is too short please enter new password");
            	TimeUnit.SECONDS.sleep(2);
            	continue;
            	
            }
]
Without the [continue;] or a [break;] instead, it would just endlessly repeat the System.out.println without stop.

Overflow occurs when we assign such a value to a variable which is more than the maximum permissible value.
The [int] Data-Type has a hard limit of -2,147,483,647 to 2,147,483,647 adding even -1 to the - value or 1 to the + value will cause an overflow.

5.
It will continue to add 2 to the value of x until x is equal to or greater than 120.

6.
Any value equal to or under 119.

7.
An accumulator is a variable that is incremented by varying amounts,
For an example, X increase's I by 10 when the code is executed, while Y increase's it by 5.
A counter variable is a variable that keeps track of the number of times a specific piece of code is executed.
For an example, Player X opened door I 10 times in his escape of Player Y the counter keeps track of how many times the player,
opened door I and decides whether or not to block it because of how often they are escaping and keeping Player Y in an infinite loop chase.

8.
Using my NumbersSum program from chapter 5 and changing the int of x in the for loop from 1 to 3 shall give you the Sum of,
the integers of 3 to 10 and is inclusive.

9.
Loops can execute a block of code as long as a specified condition is reached.
When you know exactly how many times you want to loop through a block of code, use the for loop instead of a while loop: